tlsutil: Fix check TLS configuration (#17481)
hashicorp/consul: website/content/docs/services/configuration/checks-configuration-reference.mdx

| `h2ping` | String value that specifies the HTTP2 endpoint, including port number, to send HTTP2 requests to. | <li>H2ping</li> |        
| `h2ping_use_tls` | Boolean value that enables TLS for H2ping checks when set to `true`. | <li>H2ping</li> |
| `http` | String value that specifies an HTTP endpoint to send requests to. | <li>HTTP</li> |

> | `tls_server_name` | String value that specifies the server name used to verify the hostname on the returned certificates unless `tls_skip_verify` is given. Also included in the client's handshake to support SNI. It is recommended that this field be left unspecified. The TLS client will deduce the server name for SNI from the check address unless it's an IP ([RFC 6066, Section 3](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc6066#section-3)). There are two common circumstances where supplying a `tls_server_name` can be beneficial: <li>When the check address is an IP, `tls_server_name` can be specified for SNI. Note: setting `tls_server_name` will also override the hostname used to verify the certificate presented by the server being checked.</li><li>When the a hostname in the check address won't be present in the SAN (Subject Alternative Name) field of the certificate presented by the server being checked. Note: setting `tls_server_name` will also override the hostname used for SNI.</li> | <li>HTTP </li> <li>H2Ping </li> <li>gRPC </li> |

Reviewer: `the a`

> | `tls_skip_verify` | Boolean value that disables verification of the chain and hostname of the certificate presented by the server being checked. This is generally not suitable for production use. Default is `false`. | <li>HTTP </li> <li>H2Ping </li> <li>gRPC </li> |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `tls_skip_verify` | Boolean value that determines if the check verifies the chain and hostname of the certificate that the server presents. Set to `true` to disable verification. We recommend setting to `false` for production use. Default is `false`. | <li>HTTP </li> <li>H2Ping </li> <li>gRPC </li> |
```
Switch to active voice.
